So Gatsby is showing us,
it's building out everything that
we need to show these placeholders.
It's giving us modern fallbacks,
it's giving us responsive images.
And it's giving us a placeholder in
case of JavaScript not being enabled.
And we didn't have to do anything.
We just had to put in this
sort of the static image tag.
So that's kinda what I'm talking about,
why Gatsby was so attractive to me when I
first got into it, it was because
specifically, I wanted this.
I wanted to be able to not
think about images but
still get a great image experience.
So if I build this, let's just go
ahead and do an npm run build.
And then, once that's built,
we'll serve it.
Almost, there we go.
Now I can serve it.
There we go.
So we can open up this 9000 here and
if I may actually slow down
the browser artificially.
So I'm gonna switch this
over to be throttling.
Let's make it fast 3G.
So the experience for somebody on
a slow computer if I come over here and
hit Refresh is SEO it's got that that gray
and then the photo slightly comes in.
So that's the dominant color.
We basically said what is
the main color in this image?
Show me that, that can look really nice.
If you've got a lot of photos on a page
like they all have subtly different
colors, it can be really cool.
Another option that you have is actually,
let's play with a couple of these,
but you can see in here, if I go in and,
let's disable JavaScript again.
And if I disable JavaScript, we're still
on 3G, you can see it, it kind of got in.
It's still got in pretty quickly,
we were able to get that image in.
And most importantly, note that even
though we didn't have the placeholder,
it still didn't cause the content to jump.
Gatsby reserves the space of the image,
so that the content is
predictably the same size, and
that prevents that like content gender,
we're not seeing I think they call
this cumulative layout shift.
We're reducing cumulative layout shift,
which is something that
makes Google very happy.
So there we go again,
got that nice fade in.
Now, let's try another approach here.
I want to instead of using dominant color,
I wanna use one of the other
ones let's use blurred.
And there's TypeScript autocomplete here,
so I just did Ctrl+Space, and
let me see all these options,
so I'm gonna use blurred.
Alright, so let's do blurred,
I'm gonna build again.
And the build should be much faster
this time because we just built,
which means all of that work
that was done is cash, so
this should happen much quicker
this time than it did last time.
Yeah, there it is 8 seconds
to build that site this time.
It's NPM run serve.
And now when we do this,
it's a blurred image that fades in, right?
So it's depending on the images,
depending on what you're trying to do,
you can get some really cool effects here,
and
let's just take a look at
the last one which is traced SVG.
This one got a lot of attention for
a while, and then I don't know,
I think people just stopped using it,
I'm not sure why.
But I've always thought this is a pretty
cool way to do it, where it is going
to take that image find the edges and
make like a two color traced SVG.
So it's pretty cool.
So let's build that,
there goes serve it, and
it's not that cool like
kinda takes the image in and
does a little bit of jumping
around to make it look
like it's kind of coming in soon.
I've always thought that
was a cool approach.
But anyways, for our particular purposes,
let's stick with the dominant color,
I like that one.
So I'm going to close this served one and
let's instead go back to NPM run.
So static images are great for
a lot of reasons.
And the first and foremost is that they're
very friendly to get started with.
All we have to do is import
this static image component,
and then use it like an image
like we can even take all this
off if I slip this get run in there it is,
get out here.
Okay, so I can take all this off,
let's just get rid of that.
So no custom anything.
It just drops in that image,
properly sized, and
doing all the things that we want.
I just wanted to have a little bit more
style, so I'm gonna add those pieces in,
and we get all the details that we want,
right?
That looks nice.